
=========================================================================
 You've got a TrueDisc: the world's only damage-resistant optical format.
=========================================================================

On this disc is a specially formatted "master copy" of an original file. 
TrueDisc can read that "master copy", correcting any missing (erased) 
information on the disc due to age or abuse. The result is a pristine 
copy of the original file, fresh on your own hard drive.

This disc was created with TrueDisc 1.0.2b, and a copy of TrueDisc 1.0.2b
is included on the disc for people using Mac OS X 10.2.8 or later. If you 
are not using Mac OS X, please visit:

     http://www.truedisc.com

to see if a free TrueDisc reader is available for your computer. The 
TrueDisc format is open, so this disc can also be read by compatible 
software vendors other than TrueDisc.

How To Restore A File
=====================

If you're running Mac OS X 10.2.8 or later, just double-click the 
TrueDisc File Restore application icon. If TrueDisc is not installed, it
will offer to open TrueDisc's installer for you. Otherwise, TrueDisc will
launch and open a Save dialog, where you can provide a location to save 
your file copy. TrueDisc will read the  "master copy" from disc, 
correcting any errors and/or erasures it finds.

If the disc has a lot of damage, it may take TrueDisc a while to read the 
data. Please be patient.

If TrueDisc fails to read or correct all of the data, don't despair! 
We're constantly improving TrueDisc's file recovery capabilities; a newer 
version of TrueDisc may be able to recover the file.

How To Make Your Own "Master Copies" Using TrueDisc
===================================================

The version of TrueDisc included on this disc is fully functional. 
Unlicensed copies of TrueDisc can create damage-resistant "master copies" 
of files up to 5 MB in size on CD-R. To burn larger files, or on formats
other than CD-R, you'll need to purchase a license at www.truedisc.com.

Techinical Support
==================

TrueDisc provides great technical support to licensed users of TrueDisc. 
You can contact us by email at support@truedisc.com.

TrueDisc is Copyright 2007 by TrueDisc and Erich Atlas Ocean. 
All rights reserved.