{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1\viewscale100
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TRUEDISC SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT\
\
IMPORTANT - Read this License Agreement carefully before clicking on the "Agree" button.  By clicking on the "Agree" button, you agree to be bound by the terms of the License Agreement.\
\
Erich Atlas Ocean d.b.a. TrueDisc ("TrueDisc") is willing to license the TrueDisc software ("Software") only upon the condition that you accept all the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree to these terms, then TrueDisc is unwilling to license the Software to you, in which event you must return your license code immediately, and in no case later than ten (10) days from the date of purchase, to TrueDisc for a refund.\
\
GRANT OF LIMITED LICENSE: TrueDisc grants to you the non-exclusive, limited right to install and use Software. The license permits you to register a single computer at one time to use the software. If you wish to use the software on a different computer, you must first unregister it on the first computer and then register it on the second. There is no limit to the number of times you may do this; however, you may not register more than one computer at a time using a single license.\
\
RESTRICTIONS: \
(a) If your copy of the Software does not come with a Registration Key, you may register your copy of the Software by purchasing a Registration Key at http://www.truedisc.com.  The Registration Key will disable a feature of the Software that limits the functionality of the Software.  You may not copy the Registration Key.\
\
(b) You may not modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software.\
\
(c) You may not claim that the Software is yours, and you may not use the name TrueDisc or Erich Atlas Ocean to endorse or promote products derived from the Software or created using the Software without prior written permission.\
 \
(d) You must use the Software at all times in a manner that is consistent with the software licenses granted to you by other companies that have provided software for your computer.  For example, the Software is designed to be used with Mac OS X, and so you may not use the Software in a manner inconsistent with the Mac OS X license agreement between you and Apple Computer, Inc.\
\
(e) You may not distribute copies of the Software, in whole or in part, to any third party, nor may you use, rent, loan, sublicense, or lease the Software to third parties.  You further may not use the Software to act as a service bureau or application service provider.\
\
COPYRIGHT: The Software (including audio, music, text, images and animations incorporated into the Software) and accompanying documentation are owned by Ampede or its suppliers and are protected by United States copyright laws and international treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of the software or documentation is subject to civil and criminal penalties. Some parts of the Sofware (including audio, music, text, images and animations incorporated into the Software) may be owned or trademarked by other entities; in such cases, those parts are the property of their respective owners.\
\
EXPORT CONTROLS: None of the Software or underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, North Korea, Iran, Syria or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. By downloading or using the Software, you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are representing and warranting that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list. In addition, you are responsible for complying with any local laws in your jurisdiction which may impact your right to import, export or use the Software.\
\
4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  AMPEDE FURTHER DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE REMAINS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU (AND NOT AMPEDE) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIR.  \
\
IN NO EVENT SHALL AMPEDE OR ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION, MARKETING, DISTRIBUTION, OR DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER; INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR FOR OTHER MONETARY LOSS, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  \
\
IN NO EVENT SHALL AMPEDE BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER IN A CONTRACT ACTION, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORT ACTION, OR OTHER CLAIM OR ACTION, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED TO YOU BY AMPEDE, OR IN THE PROVISION OF, OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE, SERVICES OR INFORMATION.\
\
Because some states of the United States and some countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of the liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above disclaimer may not apply to you.\
\
FEES: By clicking "Agree," you acknowledge that you have paid Ampede any and all applicable license fees for the Software. \
\
U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS: The Software is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of The Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at 48 CFR \'c2\'a7 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software -- Restricted Rights 48 CFR \'c2\'a7 52.227-19, as applicable.  Manufacturer is TrueDisc, 1335 N La Brea Ave #2223, Hollywood, CA 90028.\
\
If the Commercial Computer Software Restricted Rights clause at 48 CFR \'c2\'a7 52.227-19 or its successors apply, the Software constitutes restricted computer software as defined in that clause and the Government shall not have the license for published software set forth in subparagraph (c)(3) of that clause.\
\
The Software (i) was developed at private expense, and no part of it was developed with governmental funds; (ii) is a trade secret of Ampede for all purposes of the Freedom of Information Act; (iii) is "restricted computer software" subject to limited utilization as provided in the contract between the vendor and the governmental entity; and (iv) in all respects is proprietary data belonging solely to Ampede.\
\
COPYRIGHT NOTICE:  Copyright (c) 2007 TrueDisc and Erich Atlas Ocean, 1335 N La Brea Ave #2223, Hollywood, CA 90028.  All rights reserved.  Any rights not expressly granted in this License Agreement are reserved.\
\
GENERAL: This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, that provision will be removed and the remaining provisions will remain in full force. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between us which supersedes any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written, and any other communications between us in relation to the subject matter of this Agreement. If you have any questions concerning this Agreement, you may contact TrueDisc by writing to TrueDisc, 1335 N La Brea Ave #2223, Hollywood, CA 90028.\
\
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms.}